♪The waves of sword dance send out ripples♪
♪I weather the raging storm to chase after the victorious banner♪
♪The snow is not concerned with joy or sadness♪
♪The horse rein I have been holding falls apart in the desert♪
♪My greenness is not an excuse to be bullied♪
♪Spreading the wings and soaring, inviting recklessness at any moment♪
♪I do not fear the life of hardship♪
♪For I shall solve all riddles destined for me♪
♪Great difficulties can summon the sea of courage♪
♪It's worth defending heroic spirits in the martial arts world♪
♪One smile is all it takes, I travel faraway with my spirited ballads♪
♪Chasing after the hot-blooded dreams♪
♪Growing old with a heart of gold♪
♪The journey ahead will leave scars♪
♪A life is only worth living with adventures♪
♪Conflicts are witnessed by the clashing of youths♪
♪Brushing against the blade of time♪
♪At the end of the universe, we embark on another journey yet again♪
♪Chasing after the hot-blooded dreams♪
♪Growing old with a heart of gold♪
♪The journey ahead will leave scars♪
♪A life is only worth living with adventures♪
♪Conflicts are witnessed by the clashing of youths♪
♪Brushing against the blade of time♪
♪At the end of the universe, we embark on another journey yet again♪
[The Blood of Youth: Quest of Heroic Hearts]
[Episode 21]
Let go of me.
Shut up.
Lei Lingze?
Weigui?
How come you're here?
I saw people following us,
so I thought
I could lure them away.
And...
And I ended up getting caught.
Enough chatting.
Tell me where the Skysplitter is.
Otherwise,
you'll suffer more
in the hands
of my sect elders.
The Lingfeng Sect
prided itself on being a righteous sect.
Yet you are hunting us down
and going to extreme lengths to get the Skysplitter.
You will be punished soon.
You have the Skysplitter.
You deserve death for stirring unrest in the world.
If you tell me where it is,
I might spare you.
What do you think?
I don't know where the Skysplitter is.
What about you?
I don't know either.
Where is the Skysplitter?
I do not know.
Lei Lingze!
You two sure are stubborn.
Let's see who's tougher.
Is it you
or his neck?
Where is the Skysplitter?
You're so useless.
You can't save Hua Xiaohua
or Lei Lingze.
No.
Kill them all
and save Lei Lingze.
No.
I can't do that.
Too scared?
Let's go.
We finally got rid of them.
Now that
we are everyone's target,
they won't let us go easily.
We now
need to retrieve the Skysplitter
and return to Lei's Stronghold.
My master
will protect us.
The Skysplitter.
No.
I'm too emotional.
The calming chant cannot suppress it.
If I stay...
Yes.
The Skysplitter.
Once you retrieve the Skysplitter,
we'll leave.
We'll take a boat.
They definitely won't find out.
You unsheathed
the Skysplitter
and buried it under Xiaohua's
tombstone.
You didn't move it, did you?
Yes.
I didn't.
I bet
those simpletons could never imagine
that we'd hide the sword in Xiaohua's grave.
You're not Lei Lingze.
Weigui, what are you doing?
I am Lei Lingze.
You're not him.
Your eyes
are different from his.
Come out.
Ye Zhixin.
You're too smart for your own good.
How boring.
Where is Lei Lingze?
Give me the Skysplitter
and I'll tell you.
I want to make sure Lei Lingze is safe
before I give it to you.
I see you don't understand your current situation.
I have the bigger negotiation power here.
Give me the sword
and you'll see him.
You don't
have Lei Lingze.
Are you sure you want to take the risk
of losing his life?
Weigui!
- Are you all right? - Are you all right?
Stop!
- Stop! - Hand over the Skysplitter!
- Stop! - Stop!
Stop!
If you come any further,
I'll fight you!
Where are they?
Is this a trick
to lure me away?
Weigui!
Gentlemen,
she
is the Sect Leader of Tianwaitian.
Do not let her deceive you.
She poisoned
my good friend.
She stirred up
countless conflicts
so that we would fight among ourselves for the Skysplitter.
Then, she'd swoop in to reap the benefits.
So what?
She told us where the Skysplitter was.
She is our ally.
Only the strong
can wield the Skysplitter.
You'd better
hand it over right now.
Otherwise,
we're going to fight you.
You're crazy.
All of you went crazy
for the Skysplitter.
You finally figured out
how to unsheathe it.
I have a technique
taught by the Sword Deity, Li Hanyi,
and my master, Lei Wujie.
Its name is Summer Snow.
Take it!
I expected a powerful technique.
In reality, it was just some cold wind.
I fear
the Lei's Stronghold
is never going to have a proper heir.
Lei Lingze!
I will not allow anyone
to hurt my friend again.
Sect Leader.
Weigui ran away with Lei Lingze.
What do we do?
If 30 men couldn't do it,
we'll send in 300 men.
They will be exhausted one day.
It's only a matter of time
before we capture them.
I understand.
After I use the Lingfeng Sect
to find Weigui and Lei Lingze,
that sect
will no longer be of use to me.
No.
Stop killing!
Weigui.
Weigui, you're finally awake.
It seems like
the inner demon has consumed your mind.
I need to help you as soon as possible.
The corridor.
The Corridor Keeper must have a way.
I'll bring you to him.
Come.
[Corridor]
Why can't I open it now?
Sir!
I came to seek your help!
Please open the door!
Sir!
Please save Weigui.
He is now consumed by his inner demon.
He has lost his sanity.
If I can't open it,
I'll just smash it.
You
are still this reckless.
Sir,
please save Weigui.
Help him dispel his inner demon
and bring him back.
Inner demons represent one's inner struggle.
An outsider cannot intervene.
Mr. Lei,
all I can say
is that only he can save himself
from his inner demon.
Sir,
if I bring Weigui
to the source of his inner demon,
will he come back?
You can try.
Revisiting the trauma can suppress the inner demon temporarily.
Only when you face it,
can you get rid of it completely.
Thank you, Sir.
Let's go.
We're both injured, and you're
consumed by your inner demon.
If we
run into those who want the Skysplitter on the way,
the consequences will be dire.
We must make some preparations.
♪How can I make peace when time♪
♪Only leaves me with my shadow?♪
♪Yet the intertwining bonds in my life♪
♪Render me blind♪
♪I was once naive and innocent♪
♪Seeking a soul with whom to dance♪
♪Yet my life is like a wisp of smoke♪
♪Scattered by a gust of wind♪
♪In this life, I am not destined to be understood♪
♪But misunderstood♪
♪I do not know sincerity♪
♪If the river of time could flow back to its starting point♪
♪Let's not meet again♪
♪No one will be able to understand me♪
♪None will go as I wish♪
♪How I long for that one moment to last forever♪
♪All mortal obsessions turn into dusts of nothingness♪
♪Let's not meet in another life♪
♪Not in another life♪
♪How can I make peace when time♪
♪Only leaves me with my shadow?♪
♪Yet the intertwining bonds in my life♪
♪Render me blind♪
♪I was once naive and innocent♪
♪Seeking a soul with whom to dance♪
♪Yet my life is like a wisp of smoke♪
♪Scattered by a gust of wind♪
♪In this life, I am not destined to be understood♪
♪But misunderstood♪
♪I do not know sincerity♪
♪If the river of time could flow back to its starting point♪
♪Let's not meet in another life♪
♪Not in another life♪